So congratulations on finishing this course.
I just want to say a big fuck you for taking this course.
Especially well done if you've made it to the very end.
Hope you enjoy taking this class as much as I enjoyed putting it all together.
And a real help build this project has give you the skills and confidence you need to continue building
custom themes for yourself the paying clients or even make and were pressed seems to sell.
We've covered a great deal on this course.
Hopefully she'll be now comfortable using bootstrap with amidst all the local host WordPress to begin
the conversion with and set up our WordPress feed folder an index page and then the header and footer
templates when and continue the conversion to Wordpress by adding the number Walker and also a many
image file pass to work would work press with a moved on to the famous word press loop.
And began constructing the blog index page which then made sure could AARD comments to the blog and
went through all the various page templates and then linked these templates all cold within organized
our code using get template parts and then moved on to more advanced features such as advanced custom
fields and in the post glass and custom header images to make sure our theme is fully customizable.
And then lastly we finished off by making sure our contact form was fully functional and also prepared
our theme for translation.
So once again a big thank you from me for taking this course.
Congratulations for finishing it and good luck in the future.